(+)`Router>`: User EXEC mode, with limited option and can not make any configurational change

(+) `Router#`: Privileged EXEC mode, complete access to view the device's configuration, restart the device, cannot cahnge the configuration, but can `change the time on the device`, `save the configuration file`.

(+) `enable password + <Password>`: Enable password on CISCO device, whenever user tries to enter privileged user EXEC mode, password will be needed.

(+) There are `2 separate configuration files` kept on the device at once.
+ `running-config`: the current, active configuration file on the device. As we enter commands in the CLI, we edit the active configuration.
+ `Startup-config`: the configuration file that will be loaded upon restart of the device.
+ `show running-config` and `show startup-config` to view these files.

(+) To save the current config as startup config for future deployment, use `write`, `write memory`, or `copy running-config startup-config`.

(+) The password in the config files is in plain text, presenting a risk, this can be mitigate by using `service password-encryption` or `enable secret + <Password>` for `MD5 encryption`.

(+) To disable service simply add the word `no` in front of the command `no service password-encryption` or `no enable secret Cisco`

`NOTE`:
(+) If `service password-encryption` is enabled
+ The current password will be encrypted.
+ The future password will be encrypted.
+ Enabe secret will not be affected

(+) If `service password-encryption` is not enabled
+ The current password will not be decrypted.
+ The future password will not be encrypted.
+ Enable secret will not be affected.

(+) To enable `SSH or Telnet`, we need to configure `Virtual Teletype (VTY)`, which is the number of possible simultaneous connections allowed on a particular router ffrom a socket availability perspective, being `0 to 15`.
==> `line console 0`: enter the line console 0, which is the the console port for physically connect a device to the networking device.
==> `line vty 0 4`: enable 5 simultaneous connection to the device via SSH or Telnet.
==> `passowrd ccna`: enable password.
==> `login`: enable logging in.