#### A. Basic OSPF configuration
(+) `router ospf + <process id>`: As a router can run multiple OSPF processes at once, and this ID is used in the router to identify them. The OSPF `process id` is `locally significant`. Router with different process IDs can be come OSPF neighbors.
(+) `network + <ip> + <wildcard mask> + <area>`: `netowrk 10.0.12.0 0.0.0.3 area 0` for example.
(+) `network 10.0.13.0 0.0.0.3 area 0`:
(+) `network 172.16.1.0 0.0.0.15 area 0`
(+) `passive-interface g2/0`: stop sending OSPF `hello` message out of the interface.
(+) `default-information originate`: create a LSA about default route to its neighbors.
(+) `clear ip ospf processes`: clear all ospf routes.

#### B. Optimize OSPF routing table by changing cost.
(+) The formula to change OSPF cost is: `Reference bandwidth / interface bandwidth`. Reference bandwidth is 100 by default and any value lower than 1 will be converted to one. This sparks a problems as FastEthernet or GigabitEthernet will have the same cost as 1 which is not efficient, so we can change the cost using:

###### Changing the overall reference bandwidth
(+) `auto-cost reference bandwidth + <megabits-per-second>`

###### Manually changing the cost of a specific interface 
(+) `ip ospf cost + <cost value>`

###### Changing the interface bandwidth (not recommend)
(+) `bandwidth + <kilobits-per-seconds>`

==> `show ip ospf interface brief` to check the cost.

We can check the ospf configuration using the following:
(+) `show ip ospf neighbors`: to show information about ospf neighbors
(+) `show ip ospf interface g0/0`: to show information about a specific ospf configuration of an interface

 (+) We can enable ospf directly on an interface using `ip ospf + <process id> area <area>`.