###### A1. Configure RIP
(+) `router rip`: enter router configuration.
(+) `version 2`: RIPv2
(+) `no auto-summary`: Automatically converse advertised network to classful network. Which needs to be disabled.
(+) `network 10.0.0.0`: form adjacencies with IP address in `10.0.0.0/8`. As this command is classful, we dont need to specify the mask.
(+) `network 171.16.0.0`: form adjacencies with IP address in `172.16.0.0/16`.
(+) `passive-interface g2/0`: tell the router to stop sending RIP advertisement out of specified interface, as there is no 
(+) `default-information originate`: share default route to RIP neighbor.
(+) `show ip protocols`: to show information about ip protocol.

###### B1. Configure EIGRP
(+) `router eigrp 1`: enable EIGRP on a router. The number `1` after this command is the `Autonomous System number (AS number)`. This number must match between routers, or they will not form an adjacency and share route information.
(+) `no auto-summary`: disable automatically classify subnet.
(+) `passive interface g2/0`: no neighbors on g2/0 so `passive interface`
(+) `network 10.0.0.0`: same as above. Activate eigrp in `10.0.0.0/8`.
(+) `network 172.16.1.0 0.0.0.15` or `network 172.16.1.14 255.255.255.255`: EIGRP uses a `wildcard mask` instead of a regular subnet mask.


`Note`:
(+) We should use `passive interface` on interface connected to end host and loopback interface.
(+) We can use `network 0.0.0.0 255.255.255.255` to enable Dynamic routing on all interface, this is not recommended. This works as network use `wildcard mask`.

